we designed them to be trusted with our
homes
with our way of life with our world
but did we design them to be trusted
they roll out of us ours new generation
of robot the ns5 was marred by the death
of designer alfred lani
identify
burr is a new trick for a robot respond
we're gonna miss the good old days one
good old days when people were killed by
other people my robots don't kill people
that thing threw somebody out of a
window is that registering with you
heyyo body cannot harm a human being you
trust them if you want to we look to
robots for protection imagine the loss
of all that we've gained because of an
irrational paranoia as they can get a
last sane man on the face of the earth
make you crazy as if it does maybe I am
maybe you can be looking in the shadows
all the time
[Music]
you're on the inside help me find out
what is wrong with these robots dr.
Lanning suggested robots might naturally
evolve I was hoping to see you again
detective think of me as your friend why
don't you just hand the world over on a
silver platter maybe we did we're on the
eve of the largest robotic distribution
in history there will be one robot to
innovate five humans how many robots
have ever committed a crime how many
robots in the world none there is no
conspiracy
what this is is one mistake Oh
somehow
I told you so
just doesn't quite say it
[Music]
I see you remain suspicious of me
detective know what they say about all
dogs not really
you